Welcome back everyone.
So it's time to demo
the application we made.
First, of course, we're gonna deploy
it to the board or at least go
over a slide that kind of outlines
what we did to deploy it to the board.
Randy put something good together for you.
>> So just in case you need a reminder,
because remember we've done this before
multiple times in the previous courses,
previous lessons, previous modules,
etc., everything.
So, after you've pulled the code from
the repository, you wanna go ahead and
load it up in Android Studio.
And in Android Studio you have a run
button at the top or you can go straight,
at the top there's a little play button,
or
you can go to the drop down menu and
click Run.
On most systems you can also do Ctrl+R,
which is the default key
binding to run the app.
And then you wanna make sure
your device is plugged in.
So power it on,
make sure you're in developer mode.
>> USB debugging has to be activated.
>> Yeah, and then plug in your device.
Your device should appear on
the window and go ahead and deploy it.
>> Yeah, so if you need a refresher on
this, go back to course two where we set
up the whole development environment
>> And
maybe check out some of the videos again,
get familiar with ADB again.
You'll be fine,
we've done it plenty of times, so
you should be familiar with it by now.
So that being said,
we already actually pushed our
application onto our DragonBoard.
So we are sitting pretty right now.
All right,
now we wanna show you a demo, right?
>> Yeah, we're gonna go ahead and-
>> Yeah,
we talked about Linphone
earlier in this course.
We wanted to show you how our application
can actually communicate with other SIP
based VoIP application.
So Linphone being a SIP based application.
We're going to pull up a Linphone
app on an iPhone, actually.
And then we are going to communicate
with the application that we made
on the DragonBoard.
So let's take a look at
the DragonBoard screen here, and
then we're gonna actually kind of
show you both of these screens so
you'll get a chance to see
everything that's happening here.
So we have the DragonBoard screen.
Should have the other phone screen right
here, and we're gonna make this call.
So I'm gonna open up the application
that we made as a VoIP demo.
Now what do we have to put up here?
>> So, If I remember in the previous
lesson, I mentioned for
one level security we have
the authorization code.
So you need to enter that in.
>> That's password, right?
>> Yeah, don't tell anyone.
So password.
It'll unlock the app, and you can use it,
make the calls and what not.
>> And then I'm gonna call you, right?
So yours is calit?
>> Yeah, it's calit2tester-
>> 2?
tester 2?
And so it already has all of the suffixes.
>> Yeah, it automatically appends and
puts things like the at siv-
>> At siv.linphone and
everything in there.
So, all right, so
now I'm gonna make the call.
And we're not gonna answer this call,
we're just gonna show you
that it's connecting.
So real time right here, make call, boom.
>> Here we go.
>> So he could answer that.
You know I have this nifty headset on.
He's not gonna answer it,
just gonna hit end.
But I could talk here or
go into the DragonBoard through
the Internet all the way to his phone.
>> Yeah, so that means you also,
communicate with other computers because
there's a desktop
Linphone version as well.
It's pretty neat.
>> Yeah, so
now what we wanna do is we wanna show
you something that's even cooler.
We wanna take our application.
We put our application
on his Android phone.
And then we have the exact same
application on the DragonBoard.
So we're gonna kinda pull
up the same thing again.
We're gonna take a look at
the DragonBoard screen here.
>> Okay, so now we're gonna go ahead and
demo it on an Android device, so
you guys can just pretend
it's a DragonBoard, right?
>> Yeah, so essentially, this is Android,
we're running Android on the DragonBoard.
If you had two DragonBoards, you could put
this application on both DragonBoards and
talk to each other.
So what, you already got
the authorization set up in there?
>> I got the authorization set up and
I have the account I'm gonna call,
which is on there, so that's MOOC SIP.
And you've ended the call that
we previously did before, and
go ahead and make call and bam.
>> All right, so yeah, as you can see,
I have the the phone is picking up.
That's his calit2_buddy,
I can accept this.
You're not gonna really hear anything.
We're not hooked up that way.
But if you did this at home you
would be talking to your friend.
Or maybe a partner that you're
developing DragonBoard 410c stuff with.
>> Yeah, sweet.
>> Yeah, awesome.
Yeah, we're all set.
So what we do wanna go over with,
we wanna go back to the slide show.
We wanna talk to you about some stuff that
you could add into this
application that we gave.
>> Yeah, remember I mentioned multiple
times, this app's pretty bare bones.
You can just call somebody or
receive calls from someone else.
The security level is pretty weak, because
a lot of things are hard-coded in and
you just have one simple password request.
So here on the slides, you guys can
just check it out, pause video, or
load up the slides yourselves.
And maybe there's some suggestions for
ways to improve the app.
Make it better, make more of a buzz,
make it cooler,
make it more like Linphone maybe or
like improved version Linphone,
improved version-
>> Yeah, we went over this in a previous
lesson, in this particular module in fact,
where we talked about Linphone.
All the cool features they have in there,
it's open source.
They have open source Android.
So, you can go in there,
take out a bunch of features,
throw them in this application, create
new classes, do all sorts of cool stuff.
Make your version of this
application more robust.
We'd love to see it on
the discussions as well too, so
if you have any cool
stuff to share with us.
>> Yeah, share it around, maybe everyone
can just contribute a little bit.
You have your own developing pool for
an awesome VoIP application.
>> Yeah, great, so we will see
you in the next videos coming up.
I think we have one more
lesson in this module.
So, I hope you enjoyed seeing
the VoIP application, and stay tuned.